Migrating to Go Modules from Glide (#72)
vmware/wavefront-adapter-for-istio: BUILD.md

export GOBIN=$GOPATH/bin
```

4\. Enable Go Modules

> ```shell

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```shell
```

export GO111MODULE=on
```

> `NOTE: This step applies only if the code is under GOPATH`

Reviewer: ```suggestion

**NOTE:** This step applies only if the repository is cloned under `GOPATH`.
```

Run `make help` to get a list of all available targets.

> 

Reviewer: Instead of removing this, can you add support for these commands leveraging [Go Modules](https://github.com/golang/go/wiki/Modules#daily-workflow) commands?

Author: Done, added a couple of make targets to make `go mod` operations easier
